First warm up.
All cockroach coffee machines can use coffee powder.
Folks, today I'm bringing you an amazing mug! I've been using it for a while, and its heat retaining effect is really astonishing. I have to share it with you! The regular price is 80 yuan, but today in the live streaming room, it's only 59 yuan!
Dear friends, look over here. This teddy bear doll has been selling like hotcakes in our live streaming room lately. Many friends have repurchased it and said it's super soft and cute. There are only 20 in stock today, so hurry up and grab one!
Folks, are you always bothered by thirst when going out in summer? Don't worry. I've searched for a long time and finally found this large capacity sports water bottle. With a capacity of 1.5 liters, it can perfectly solve the problem of getting thirsty! You can take it home for only 39 yuan!
Folks in the live streaming room, the portable water flosser you've been looking for is finally here. Hurry up and place an order. It'll be gone if you're too late! The original price is 199 yuan, but today in the live streaming room, it's only 129 yuan!
Folks, look at the wind power of this handheld fan. It has three level adjustment and long battery life. It's a must have for going out in summer! You can take it home for only 29 yuan!
Dear friends, the teddy bear doll is super cute and selling fast. There are only 20 left. Hurry and grab one!
Always thirsty in summer? A 1.5 liter sports water bottle for only 39 yuan. Rush to buy it!
Opening live stream welfare! A solid wood computer desk. Regular price 1200 yuan, today only 899 yuan!
The ergonomic chair you've been waiting for is in stock. Only 10 available. Regular price 1500 yuan, now 1000 yuan!
Pure fresh squeezed fruit juice without additives, super delicious. 19 yuan per bottle, buy 5 get 1 free!
Folks, grab the lucky bag in the upper left corner!
Type 1 so I can see how many new followers there are.
Folks, the quantity of the products is limited. Hurry up and place an order!
Thank you all for your support. You're so awesome!
If you think the price is right, type "want" in the bullet screen.
Since graduating from Central Saint Martins in 2020
Reed's clothes have become synonymous with gender-fluid fashion.
His collections often feature exaggerated hips
a key figure in both British and Irish fashion
Hi, uh, I'm not sure what the company did
uh, it's dramatic.
Hello
How are you
welcome to my stream
and sculptural collars.
Later on Thursday
On Friday morning
As is customary
with some sporting brash
quirky looks.
Hello
How are you
The weather is great
see you then
Apple
Banana
Dog Cat
welcome everyone, please collect this lucky bag at right corner.
Every year, people all over the world hold all kinds of events to celebrate World Wildlife Day
Their aim is to raise awareness of the beauty and the importance of our natural world and to look for ways to protect and conserve it
How it first started
In December 2013, 40 years after it had signed the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, the United Nations General Assembly decided to create a day to raise awareness of the world's wild animals and plants and the importance of protecting them
They decided to call it World Wildlife Day and chose 3 March as the date to celebrate it
Why is it so important?
Earth is home to many, many different species of plants and animals, more than we can possibly count
It is this rich diversity, and the delicate balance between all the different forms of life, that makes life possible on our planet
We depend on all the elements of the biosphere for all our basic needs: the air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat and the energy and materials we use to make the things we need to live our lives
Each and every species is equally important
One of the aims of World Wildlife Day is to raise awareness of these facts
What are the problems facing wildlife today?
Sadly, many human activities such as mining, farming and construction are constantly putting wildlife in danger
We are cutting down too many trees, clearing too much ground and building so many roads that we are destroying the natural habitats of millions of species and putting the world's biodiversity at risk
Nearly a quarter of all species are at risk of becoming extinct in the next 50 years, and their disappearance is putting us, humans, in danger as well
What are the solutions?
We need to live more sustainable lives and to learn to respect nature and defend its diversity
We need to push our governments to conserve and protect the natural habitats of all the species that are in danger of becoming extinct
We all need to work together to protect our planet – and ourselves
What can you do to help on World Wildlife Day?
You can join local events and find out more about wildlife in your local area
You can donate time or money to organisations that are protecting wildlife locally or internationally
You can sign petitions and write to your government
You can share films, photos and articles with friends and your family
Post them on your social media channel and spread the message wherever you can
You can use the hashtags #WorldWildlifeDay and #DoOneThingToday to join in with the global conversation
Whatever you do, you won't be alone
Millions of people all around the world will be joining the celebrations and fighting for a better future for our planet
Carnival is an annual festival celebrated in many different ways in many countries around the world
Some of the world's most famous carnivals are held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, New Orleans, USA, and Venice, Italy
Find out what happens in these and one other carnival you may not have heard of
Do the preparation task first
Then read the article and do the exercises
What's carnival all about?
Carnival is a festival that happens over a few days, usually just before Lent, in February or March
Because traditionally many people go on a fast during Lent, giving up meat, sugar or other foods and drink, carnival is an opportunity to enjoy these treats for the last time
It is a time to celebrate and party, with music and dancing in the streets
Some people believe that carnival is actually older than the Christian period of Lent, and that it started as the Roman festival of Saturnalia
New Orleans
One of the most famous carnivals in the world is in New Orleans, USA
It is called Mardi Gras, which is French for 'Fat Tuesday', the day when people would traditionally eat up all the fat before starting the Lent fast
The celebration in New Orleans lasts around two weeks, with a parade every day
Groups of people, called 'krewes', dress up in special costumes and ride on decorated floats
They throw small gifts to the people watching, especially strings of beads
There are also many balls, especially masked balls
Mardi Gras is very popular with tourists, and it is estimated that well over a million people visit every year to join the celebrations
Rio de Janeiro
The carnival in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is considered the biggest in the world, with around two million people celebrating on the streets each day
Rio Carnival is famous for its samba music and for the amazing costumes and floats
In 1984, the government decided to give the carnival a special stadium, called the Sambadrome, where people could buy tickets to go and see the parades
However, there are still plenty of street parties and parades happening all over the city
The parades are a kind of competition and the samba 'schools', or groups, are judged on their costumes, dancing, floats and music
Some samba schools spend millions of dollars on their preparations, but it is estimated that carnival makes over $40 million from ticket sales and advertising
Venice
Carnival in Venice is a much quieter celebration, but it is still very famous, mainly for the beautiful masks that people wear
Traditionally, the masks are made and decorated by hand, with gold, jewels and feathers
There is a competition for the most beautiful mask, and there are many masked balls and other celebrations
In St Mark's Square, there is an open air theatre where you can watch traditional plays, and there are also classical music concerts
Because the streets are very narrow, there are candlelit parades on boats through the canals of the city
Watching all the people dressed in masks and costumes wandering through the city makes you feel as if you have stepped back in time to the 18th century
Binche
The carnival in Binche, Belgium, is not as famous as some of the others, but it may have the longest history
It dates back to the 14th century
Up to 1,000 men and boys, called 'Gilles', dress up in masks, costumes and wooden shoes
They also wear very tall feather hats, up to 90cm tall
The Gilles dance through the streets and throw oranges at the crowd
This can sometimes cause accidents and break windows, but it is supposed to be good luck if you are hit by an orange
All over the world, carnival is a time to celebrate and have a good time with friends and family
Have a great carnival, if you're celebrating this year!
You were a student at the University of Melbourne in the ‘80s   what was student life like back then?
The University of Melbourne was somewhere you caught a tram, a train or a bus to   and then went home and worked my part time job at a supermarket
I was here for no more than 8 to 12 hours a week   plus the four hours I had to spend in the library to find reading materials and photocopy pages and pages of documents
The entire student body was less than 12,000 back then
It's at least four times larger now
We had a very small cohort of international students as well as boarders who were at colleges, but that was it – it’s completely different now
Coding at the time was all punch cards and sense cards
you wrote code, but you had to give a deck of cards over and wait for a week for it to come back
If you write code today, you can experiment, and it doesn't matter
you can simply recompile
Back then you had to learn and know the code inside out
You had to put the time and effort in and really think it all through because making a single, simple mistake would cost you time
Then I came here to The University for my undergraduate Bachelor of Commerce in what is now the Faculty of Business and Economics
In my first year, which was in 1981, they introduced computer programming (COBOL) as part of the Accounting major because the belief was business systems were going to become important for business
I was ecstatic
Back then, I surfed a lot
I figured if I could get the coding done quickly, I could spend more time at the beach
I completed the assignments very, very quickly!
Then I did Computer Science at Monash afterwards and when I started work, everyone was like, “Well, hang on, you’re an accountant and you can write code?”
So, what I studied did end up being very relevant for my career
going from studying and working in the embryonic stage of computers hitting business to, frankly, sitting front row centre and watching tech and entrepreneurship over the past 40 plus years
it literally was right place, right time
What was your first entrepreneurial pursuit after university?
I went on a very traditional path
I became a Chartered Accountant
I worked at Arthur Andersen
But I after that I decided I wanted to be an entrepreneur
I just felt, how can I be advising businesses if I've never sat in the chair?
So, I joked that my first startup was going to be my burner startup, where I would just try figure out what being an entrepreneur is like
It was in systems consulting
At the time, very few people knew how to bring that discipline of business and technology together
I loved it
It was so cool
And if you've started a business once, and it was even semi successful, you want to do that again
It's like if you get on a roller coaster and love it  you just want to do it again
It's pure insanity because it's 99% negativity with all the challenges
The high highs are just euphoric though
What would you say was your proudest entrepreneurial project?
That would probably be International Consulting Solutions that was acquired by Deloitte Consulting
In 1994 and 1995, I kept hearing about this piece of software called SAP
The more I researched, I thought, there's a huge opportunity here
If all these big corporations are going to put in SAP
why don't we build an SAP consulting and advisory firm? Which is what we did
We became the market leader almost overnight we were competing against Accenture, PWC and Ernst & Young, and we were beating them on a regular basis
Within two years, we'd set up five offices in Australia and an office in New Zealand
We also started to work in Asia Pacific and added over 200 people in two years
At ICS, because we were really the front end of the tech boom
we had to be quite aggressive about how we were going to build these companies differently to these big professional firms
we had to pioneer early cultural techniques
We would come out openly and make bold claims for the time such as
Our employees are more important than our customers
The customers would say, “What do you mean by that?
We just knew if we didn't have great people, we weren’t going to have great customers
And in the office, it was all about lunch ‘n’ learns
It was working collaboratively
It was the hot desking because we were out on projects
There were no suits
When did you go to the Silicon Valley and what brought you there?
Deloitte acquired ICS and asked me to come to the US and step into a global role for them
which I did, so I initially moved to Silicon Valley
It was an eye opener
It was just a big, bold software world
you could see this was the centre of the universe
Hardcore folks will tell you about the '70s and '80s, but to me Silicon Valley really took off like a rocket in the '90s